README.md, before:

<h1>Welcome! <img  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ABSphreak/ABSphreak/master/gifs/Hi.gif" width="30px"></h1>

<img align="right" src="dock.jpeg" width="200"/>

**Pronouns:** "she" / "her"

**Languages:** English, Hebrew
  

After graduating from <a href="https://www.dal.ca">Dalhousie University</a> with a Bachelors of Science degree in Neuroscience, I moved to South Korea to teach English. After teaching for two years, I decided to come back to school to upgrade my degree to honours.


This year (Fall 2020), I enrolled in a Neural Data Science course to challenge myself to learn a new language: **Coding**. This portfolio will showcase my acquired skills and different samples of work I've completed in the course. 
 
### Creating a DataFrame from a Dictionary
Here is an example of a code I wrote to [create a DataFrame](Provinces1.md) from a dictionary I made using different online resources.

### Visualizing a DataFrame
Here is an example of a code I wrote to [visualize the data](covidinprov.md) from the above [example](Provinces1.md).
 
### 📫 Contact Information
Questions or concerns? Email me at:
[nz323351@dal.ca](mailto:nz323351@dal.ca)

Commit message:

Added link to cleaning data

README.md, after:

<h1>Welcome! <img  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ABSphreak/ABSphreak/master/gifs/Hi.gif" width="30px"></h1>

<img align="right" src="dock.jpeg" width="200"/>

**Pronouns:** "she" / "her"

**Languages:** English, Hebrew
  

After graduating from <a href="https://www.dal.ca">Dalhousie University</a> with a Bachelors of Science degree in Neuroscience, I moved to South Korea to teach English. After teaching for two years, I decided to come back to school to upgrade my degree to honours.


This year (Fall 2020), I enrolled in a Neural Data Science course to challenge myself to learn a new language: **Coding**. This portfolio will showcase my acquired skills and different samples of work I've completed in the course. 
 
### Creating a DataFrame from a Dictionary
Here is an example of a code I wrote to [create a DataFrame](Provinces1.md) from a dictionary I made using different online resources.

### Visualizing a DataFrame
Here is an example of a code I wrote to [visualize the data](covidinprov.md) from the above [example](Provinces1.md).

### Cleaning Raw Data
Here is an example of a code I wrote to [clean a raw data file](CleaningData.md). This is important to do prior to performing Exploratory Data Analysis. 
 
### 📫 Contact Information
Questions or concerns? Email me at:
[nz323351@dal.ca](mailto:nz323351@dal.ca)
